these bitches even worst they ll send them guys for you
these hoes like niggas that spend money not talk bout it
we dont trust these niggas all these bitches
yall niggas b cuffing hoes cause yall aint never have bitches
you dodge a bullet
Okay ajay got one more time to call me a bitch in one of his lit sub tweets. Like bitch I will fucc yo lit life you got going UP
you are all niggers
youu got wild bitches tellin you lies
young buck wanna eat!!.. dat nigguh like I aint fuckin dis up again
why tf is this bitch in my class wearing all brewers shit it is football season
why the fuck did twitter move the new tweet box to above the feed lol it looks fucking retarded
why you act like a little booshie bitch now, that is why you do not have friends hoe
whys this bitch wearing a striped tshirt and nike shocks
will u sell dat pussy for me
women hate hoes becuz they fuckin up the economy
wonder if they gon have em for the low on nigger friday
would not be such a bitch if people did not piss me off 24/7
wow im a bitch????? nice to fucking know.
wow im gonna smoke myself retarded when i get home
will u love dat nigga even if he lose it all... or will u dip like the groupie hoes searching for another
wow! RT @Tendilkar: RT @LyricalSunset: RT @LilMissCuntCake: Some bitches just deserve to get punched. In the vagina.
wow.... a bird just shitted on me
wth is that playing missy? ........ i mean seriously? RT @mr_republicann: This movie gone be trash http://t.co/8BIppVUvzr
wut spook me even more is its gon be dark when nigga drive outta hea..... im sick already
y all I am so mad I wasted them calories on that honey bun.. that ho was dry as hell
x_x RT @LaDarinAintShit: Fat bitches with normal sized legs be looking like car keys
y give a bitch an inch when she rather have 9
y all hoes avoid schemes
y all moms was hoes with no morals so i am not surprised
y all remember that tall ass dyke named Jay??? Lmfaooo
ya bitch aint bad nigga, you aint got no taste
sya girl pussy is trash as fuck
y all niggers have a good thanksgiving
yal some faggots yup nigga you n you fuckin fruit cups.
yall crazy hoes need jesus lol
yall pussies i swur
yeah I am a bitch, but guess what? you are still a slut
yeah I am small den a hoe http://t.co/VV3qdTo7MG
yeah i got soul i was brought up by colored women
yeah these valley faggots can go fuck themselves
yes good shapely eurotrash manbootyyo bitch look like a boogawolf
yet this nigga still checkin up on his old hoes.....
yo bitch want that vitamin D she lookin desperateyo bitch whippin in the early morning
yo hoe will get slayed
you a hoe nigga forreal
you a pussy ass nigga and I know it nigga.
you are a hoe, hoe, &amp; a hoe
you bitches love yall some corny nigga
you are not gotta be a dyke to like hoes
you can not cuff a hoe lmao
you drove me redneck crazy
you fake niggah lolol
you got niggas, and i got bitches
you hoe spice
you just want some attention hoe
you look like AC Green...bitch don not call here anymore...
you gotta understand that these bitches are childish
you look like your 12 stop talking about fucking bitches
you niggers cheat on ya girlfriends? smh....
you might as well gone pussy pop on a stage
you worried bout other bitches, you need me for?
you really care bout dis bitch. my dick all in yo feelings
weeknd makes songs for the hoes
what a hoe
what a little bitch lol
what to do when your ear hurts like a bitch?
what is wrong with bitches fuck nigga
what a broke niggah gone tell her
what a clam shame
when a bitch say you cant dance http://t.co/GKZj7QNDIF
when ah rich nigga want ur bitch it is nothing u can do... but hope she think about u on dem shopping sprees...
when baylor wins im talking so much trash
when bitches be tryna wash their shit on the low lol funny af
when bitches u hate would not stop staring at u in the halls http://t.co/OjNXhoIGdw
when bitches change and start acting like the nigga
when ya name gain weight ya ex bitches cant let go
when ya name gain weight ya ex hoes cannot let go
where da ratchet hoes at?
where my scene hoes at
which twitter bitch is not selling chokers
why are these freshman so ghetto lmao
when you are stupid, you donot know it. life is so easy. have you ever seen a depressed retard? i envy that.
whheeet bitch you LYING
when yo song come on and you hit the blunt hard af cause that hoe go dat hard
why are people acting like they didnot know hoe allen was going to the cavs 6 months ago?
whose pussy better then a crazy bitch?
why bitches gotta be bitches
why do little scrawny white boys play ghetto rap music while they walk around
why do hoes think its a good idea to air out their dirty laundry at a public place? bitch im tryna enjoy my burrito
why niggas put heart eyes under everybody pictures? 
then it be them poo la la hoes
Dumb bitches do dumb things
Eat the pussy like a real nigga hungry
Everything look better with a bitch next to it
For every bad bitch there is a nigga tired of fucking her
Facto @ShaunaSayomi: Who cares if you a hoe when your ass looks like this? http://t.co/CJdT987aqf
Foreign chick, no lie.. Man that bitch Beautiful
Fresh nigga so you kno I need a clean bitch... Who kno I am working cuz I wanna see my team rich.','H'),('Fuck 5/0 I make my own rules. Suck my dragon balls bitch call me goku
Get me that shit bitch you is fine bear
Get your ass back to Detroit ya fuckin wigger!
Girls that I dated, its okay I am not mad yo, unless you stabbed me in the heart, no love hoe
HOW DO YOU KNOW MY TWITTER PASSWORD"" bitch please
He a bitch for hitting that hoe
He wanna be my nigga, but I am just trinna be his savings account
He married to a white woman... lucky sum-bitch
Her great grandmas a hoe,her grandmas a hoe,her moms and a hoe, and she is a hoe! It is a long line of hoes!
Hey pussy you still there?
omg imma funny ass bitch man, but that is Real Shit
How u talking to hoes bout bro n em.. Why you talking to hoes bout bro n em
How you doing, crazy bitch?
I KNOW my shoes dirty as fuck, whatever, bitch. You donot have to call!
I call him my bitch
I heard you was looking for Candy Man, bitch
I just got a number 3 I am a bitch boy
